what's up everyone it's my yard in l i
went to dundee and to the series poverty
offices because they have a new upcoming
playstation network and getting coming
cold five star Western it is a 3d
western game it's simulation-based if
you like no mercy or anything from that
era you will love this game we bout it
out I I'd even get to play the King yet
but from the animations the core
mechanics of it it I can't stress is
nothing I am more height for this in
2k14 why I know that's a big thing to
say but if your fan of my videos where I
don't spam running moves and everything
like that I try to make it realistic
like Papa wrestling match this game is
what I want this is why when I do live
streams of kings a Coliseum if I
probably more realistic because they do
small moves build it up stuff like that
and you're not set to buoy into k w.e 2
WB 2k foot 2k14 w13 i should say you hit
your age of John Cena you hit the
attitude adjustment you've got to finish
it adds you just Minh sta that's it in
this five so western gate you will have
multiple finishes depending on the
scenario you may decide to have a quick
finisher okay and you could probably hit
two quick finishes and the time okay
they do a lot of damage but there's more
chance of your pond encountering or you
could go for powerful finisher and the
example that downs given then who's the
sealed the company giving an interview
PlayStation live stone you can check
that in the description below and is
Shawn Michaels slap the Undertaker and
then the tikati the tombstone a really
jumping powerful tombstone at
WrestleMania but undertaking because it
went for chokeslam mo could have done
the last why they could have went for
those quick sort of finishes or matric
Lee was so tired he went he hit the
superkick but was knocked down because
he was so tired
this is simulation-based sweat you're
not going to get up every time you hit a
finisher straight away you're going to
be worn out tired exhausted and get into
the cover after hearing your finisher
they may still kick out so there's
strategy involved with this instead of
just running gunning like most games are
and you get up within five seconds there
is strategy involved if you work the leg
your opponent will find it hard to lift
their knee may buckle did you watch
Monday Night Raw did you see Cena knee
buckle when he was trying to do that a
to adjustment to set bones he became
vulnerable knee buckled got speared lost
the match this game will have that sort
of each event don't believe me you'll
see footage soon very soon Oh footage of
the game or whore and this is the vigil
scene is shortly in the next day or so
is gameplay is not just rendered
animations this is from the game itself
is obviously not got their aesthetics of
like the more duck out the models or
stuff like that but it shows you a sneak
peek of what the game is going to be
enough it comes dress is enough the
features this game house and will have
in the future over the coming months and
goodness knows how long we'll be
phenomenal without a doubt ah there's so
much stuff I can't tell you because I
know about what they're going for the
future what's their plans and all that
and I can only give you the same
information which is giving them
PlayStation lifestyle which I know what
irritates some people but if you trust
me enough you've seen my videos you've
seen how much had loved wrestling games
I'm so pumped for this game that I can't
wait I want to play it I want to play I
want to test that we want to ride it
look bugs because I love to find bugs in
the game and it's not the deliberate or
anything like that I like to play a
match as a wrestling match when they
first play w 13 they had flaming tables
and I found the glitch with the flaming
table straight away you sacrament table
did you super plex OMG didn't put the
table book the ring table state floated
and it proves that teach you don't
really care about after sales they don't
care about the surface so much or new
student I know this is sort of fixed
them now but game bugs they don't fix
them they never do they're all stars
team had major bugs with Cody Rhodes and
over powerless mark enemy they fixed it
made it let it made them less powerful
which was brilliant but they don't do
that with w/e they let hackers one row
wild and the features that's five star
will have and the mountain stuff they
will do once the game is launched in the
summer hopefully is to so many things
you're paying for one game and then
which is we done with the price yet but
a THQ w/e game w franchise game page 40
quid 60 quid sixty dollars each year and
you get majority of the same characters
each year and you get a couple of new
features and then maybe a new match type
something like that and you're paying
sixty dollars for mostly the same stuff
on the same engine this game you pay
you're gonna get so many features again
and again as DLC some of it free
something paid for and you top it up
each is so you're not buying the same
thing as a repeat every in pain another
40 pounds another sixty dollars no so
not only will you save money but you'll
get so many features and they'll be weak
weekly things and events and challenges
and it's just going to be great can't
stress enough I've been talking for six
minutes I'm gonna shut up now pay
attention through my video and when you
see the footage in the next few day or
so next couple days if you like it
please share this rivoli mates please
like it because I want to support
independent wrestling games I've done it
I'm doing for action okay wrestling to
I'm doing for trading card game which is
being released in the week or so I'm
doing it for the pro-western eggs I've
done it for everything I wonder his
showcase because there's more
just w.e folks and even to some of the
20 th QPR in the passives pretty much
acknowledge that you have to have
competition like everywhere else no
competition means there's no development
no pioneering no revolution 5 self
vesting will seriously shake out 2k
games is a premise for 2k 14 and 15
defeat but 2k15 I at guarantee it